# __Advantages:__
* **TMS saves time:** When we think about the workflow of customer service staff, we can see that an awful lot of time is taken up handling phone calls from people looking to book, explaining options to customers and managing schedules.The demands of a phone-based booking system require a member of staff is constantly available to handle calls. Because of TMS the man hours could be released. It is also available 24/7.
* **It causes faster payments:** An online booking system can require customers to prepay for services they want. Customer does not have to make payment personaly instead he can make the payments from any where just accessing his account.  
* **It helps prioritize requests:** When it comes to helping customers, there is no problem too small. But every issue can’t be the most important and take top priority. A TMS has functions to help you properly prioritize which issues need attention first.
* **It solves problems:** This one might seem like a bit of a no-brainer, but it’s still definitely worth mentioning. Even with a successful business, there will always be problems that arise whether they are big or small. This could be anything from a failed network connection to hardware issues or problems with software. It will vary user to user and across different departments and business types. Whatever it is, the purpose of an online ticketing system is to solve these and many other problems in a simple, easy-to-navigate way.


# __Disadvantages:__
* **We need internet access:** Reliable internet access is required to check reservations and add bookings that are made over the phone. Though internet access is widespread these days, it remains true that one of the major disadvantages of TMS are their reliance on internet connections. In order to book through an online booking system, customers will have to have access to the internet.
* **Not all online booking systems are created equal:** Choosing an online booking software that doesn't meet one's needs can be a real detriment to business. It's important to do research.
* **Failing of transaction:** In some instances, booker is being charged for the services but the transaction is dropped at last moment resulting failure in allocation of services. Though these can be taken care off by auto payment reversal mechanism,it takes time to get the amount credited.
* **Causing security breach:** Though downtine and security breach instances are rare, they are for real. Various precautions can be taken by service provider like secure socket connection, PCI-DSS compliance, using reliable cloud service providers like Amazon AWS and so on.